What if I told you that there is a reasonable likelihood that science has been wrong about nature, physics, and the cosmos. I know what you're thinking, an actual black hole was photographed a few weeks ago, what do you mean they're wrong? Einstein, after all,  predicted the existence of black holes, gravity waves, and developed special relativity with the power of mathematics alone. He was able to resolve that a slab of mass was capable of being transformed into a powerful blast of (destructive) energy with equations alone.  Einstein's predictions have gone from theoretical to observable but there is a very serious problem. There's a missing piece of the puzzle. New developments in mathematics and astronomy may have a bizarre solution that would require them to completely re-evaluate and redefine physics.  

Einstein himself admitted that very tiny particles are "spooky." Damn, was that an understatement. Since then a very large enigma has emerged in the science of defining what "reality" actually is. Einstein's mathematics (which accurately describes observable phenomenon in the cosmos, like gravity, planets, and stars) does not jive at all with the science of ultra teeny tiny specs of atoms and the smaller spookier quantum bits that Einstein was describing.  The struggle has been real for these researchers who are now faced with combining Einstein's math and quantum math. And the object that is at the center of the clash between the two, poetically, lies in the very heart of Einstein's black hole. The massive monstrosities at the center of every galaxy consume everything they encounter, including light. There is a massive black hole at the center of our galaxy, The Milky Way. And yes it is eating quite a bit of gasses and particles that are spinning very quickly into the inside the center of the hole, which in nerd talk is called an "event horizon". The part that has had the experts chasing a white rabbit is that Einstein's math completely falls apart and stops making any real sense inside of the black hole. Enter the Holographic Universe Theory. 

University of Southampton's Professor Kostas Skendaris, in England, says: "Imagine that everything you see, feel and hear in three dimensions (and your perception of time) in fact emanates from a flat two-dimensional field. The idea is similar to that of ordinary holograms where a three-dimensional image is encoded in a two-dimensional surface, such as in the hologram on a credit card. However, this time, the entire universe is encoded!"

For those of us who passed science with a D, an alternate way of looking at this would be to imagine watching a 3-D movie. Your brain processes those images on the two-dimensional screen because the glasses trick you. The screen is a two-dimensional surface that is generating a three-dimensional illusion for you to perceive. Oooh, Chile... I'm gagged. 

Let's talk about how this is all happening. According to Holographic Mathematics, which has been in circulation since the '90s, it all goes back to black holes. And when it comes to the Holographic Universe Theory, "every hole is a goal". The mathematics developed by  Gerard Hooft, who first proposed the theory, suggests that all the matter and light that a black holes binges on is "stored" in its event horizon, which is essentially the surface of the black hole. I use the word "binge" because these holes take in vasts about of matter and compress it into a small surface. And then it purges some of what it ate and spits it out into space. So how does this support the Holographic theory?

It goes without saying that many are skeptical about the whole thing. And scientists did what they do, independent peer review. A good place to start is comparing the Holographic equations with phenomena that are observable. The main credibility hurdle that this theory faces is that there is no observable evidence to study. This was the same firewall of skepticism that left many questioning whether black holes or gravitational waves were real at first. Also, dark matter and dark energy (I won't get into that today) are also examples of objects that should exist but have not been directly observed. This doesn't mean that the effort to seek the answers shouldn't be conducted.

The recently photographed Cosmic Microwave Background is the only known full "picture" of the Universe.  It was taken by the Planck Satellite in. What the Cosmic Background  Kostas Skenderis has used a supercomputer to create a model of what the early universe may look like using the Holographic Universe Math. The Planck Satellite There is no such thing as love
There is no such thing as love
In my experience,

There is no such thing as love
